Documenting compilation errors (#3341)
dafny-lang/dafny: docs/HowToFAQ/Errors.md

<script src="https://cdn.mathjax.org/mathjax/latest/MathJax.js?config=TeX-AMS-MML_HTMLorMML" type="text/javascript"></script>

> This page contains a catalog of the dafny tool's Error and Warning messages,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page contains a catalog of Dafny's error and warning messages,
```

Author: Edited, but left 'dafny' as that is the tool name.

Reviewer: That's fine with me
